Update docs (#552)
allegro/vaas: docs/documentation/gui.md

VaaS GUI
========
This article will demonstrate the features of VaaS GUI. The screenshots below come from [VaaS in Docker Compose](../quick-start/development.md).

> VaaS comprises several Django apps, two of which are available via a web browser: *Cluster* and *Manager*.

Reviewer: We can use the `Router` app in the browser
```suggestion
VaaS comprises several Django apps, three of which are available via a web browser: *Cluster*, *Manager*, and *Router*.
```

* Define and edit Directors
* Define and edit Probes
* Associate Directors with Varnish Server clusters
* Purge urls

> In the **Route** app you can:

Author: I used `app` because we also use `app` for cluster and manager above, but section sounds better. I will change it

* **Ip:** IP address of the new Varnish server
* **Hostname:** hostname or a descriptive name 

> * **Cluster weight:** unused

Author: I created task to remove it from code

* **Connect timeouts:** limits how long we wait for a TCP connection to the backend to come up
* **First byte timeouts:** limits how long the processing time of the backend may be. The first byte of the response must come down the TCP connection within this timeout
* **Between bytes timeouts:** limits how long we will wait between for two subsequent successful reads on the backend connection
* **Service mesh timeouts:** timeout for service mesh connection

## [Manager] Purger
To purge object from varnishes from a given cluster, click on *Manager -> Purger -> and fill in the form:

![Manager - Purger](img/manager_purger.png)

* **Url to purge:** url of object to purge e.g., http://example.com/contact
* **Varnish Cluster:** select cluster to purge

> Router app

Reviewer 2: Same as above, app?
